[NPT-498]:  Demo workflow with org-chart example (#42)
vmware-tanzu/graph-framework-for-microservices: docs/getting_started/AppDatamodelUsageWorkflow.md

> ## App Datamodel Usuage Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## App Datamodel Usage Workflow
```

This workflow will walk you through the steps to interact and work with your applocal datamodel.

* [Pre-requisites](AppDatamodelUsageWorkflow.md#pre-requisites)

* [Usage examples with Nexus Tools](AppDatamodelUsageWorkflow.md#usage-nexus-tools)

## Pre-requisites
1. This workflow requires Datamodel to be initialised and installed before proceeding to further steps. Please follow the below link to configure datamodel

    #### [Datamodel Workflow](DatamodelWorkflow.md)

<!--

1. This workflow requires the App should be initialised and configured before proceeding to further steps. Please follow the below link to configure the App

    #### [App Workflow](AppWorkflow.md)
-->

<!-- nexus-specific exports
```
# store the current directory before we `cd` into the app dir
export DOCS_INTERNAL_DIR=$PWD/docs/_internal
```
-->

## Usage examples with Nexus Tools

```
# Portforward the services Nexus API Gw and GraphQL to access the datamodel objects
kubectl port-forward svc/nexus-api-gw 5000:80 -n default &
```

> ###  Create Leader Object via REST API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Create Leader Object via REST API using Swagger UI
```

> **GraphQL query to verify that leader doesn't exist**

Reviewer: btw why do you use graphql query to check if object is created? 
shouldn't it be like:
Create Leader Object via REST API:
1. Check if object exists using REST API 
2. Create using REST API

Create Manager Object via curl
1. Check if object exits using curl
2. Create object using curl

Author: @mkczuk This is intentionally added step to show the GraphQL part

> 

Reviewer: can u insert copyable link to graphql server, so user doesn't have to retype from image?

Author: Will do it in another PR. Added a ticket to track : https://jira.eng.vmware.com/browse/NPT-640

> **GraphQL query to verify there is no leader exists**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GraphQL query to verify that leader doesn't exist**
```

![Query1](../images/GqlP1.png)

<!--
```shell
 curl -X PUT -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"designation": "CTO","name": "Pere"}' http://localhost:5000/leader/Pere
```
-->

> **Create a Leader object via REST API**

Reviewer: same with swagger link

![CreateLeader](../images/RestP2.png)

> **GraphQL query to verify the leader is created or not**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GraphQL query to verify the leader is properly**
```

![Query2](../images/GqlP2.png)

<!--
```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"query":"{\nroot{\nName\n}\n}"}' http://localhost:5001/query
```
-->

> ### Create Manager Object via curl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create Manager Object via REST API using curl
```

```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"apiVersion":"root.orgchart.org/v1","kind":"Manager","metadata":{"labels":{"leaders.root.orgchart.org":"Pere"},"name":"Amit"},"spec":{"designation":"Manager","name":"Amit"}}'  http://localhost:5000/apis/root.orgchart.org/v1/managers -o /dev/null
```

> **GraphQL query to verify the manager is created or not**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GraphQL query to verify the manager is properly created**
```

![Query3](../images/GqlP3.png)

<!--
```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"query":"{root{Name \n Designation \n DirectReports {Name\nDesignation} }}"}' http://localhost:5001/query
```
-->

### Create another Manager Object via Kubectl

```shell
echo 'apiVersion: root.orgchart.org/v1
kind: Manager
metadata:
  name: Fabio
  labels:
    leaders.root.orgchart.org: Pere
spec:
  designation: Manager
  name: Fabio' | kubectl -s localhost:5000 apply -f -
```

**GraphQL query to verify the manager is created or not**

![Query4](../images/GqlP4.png)

<!--
```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"query":"{root{Name \n Designation \n DirectReports {Name\nDesignation} }}"}' http://localhost:5001/query
```
-->

> ### Create Engineer Objects via nexus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create Engineer Objects via nexus cli
```
